README.md, before:

# XLIO - Accelerated IO SW library

The NVIDIA® Accelerated IO (XLIO) SW library boosts the performance of TCP/IP network applications providing high bandwidth and low CPU usage.
XLIO is a user-space software library which exposes standard POSIX and XLIO Ultra socket APIs with kernel-bypass architecture, enabling a hardware-based direct copy between an application user-space memory and the network interface.

Coupling XLIO with Crypto Enabled NVIDIA ConnectX, NVIDIA BlueField data processing unit (DPU) acceleration capabilities, provides a breakthrough performance of Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption and decryption.
XLIO is capable of utilizing HW features such as LRO/TSO and Striding-RQ which increase TCP performance, without application code changes for both
POSIX socket and XLIO Ultra APIs.

Please visit our [documentation website](https://docs.nvidia.com/networking/category/xlio) for more details.

<hr>

* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Architecture](#architecture)
* [Supported Transports](#supported-transports)
* [Supported CPU Architectures](#supported-cpu-architectures)
* [Supported NICs](#supported-nics)
* [Licenses](#licenses)
* [Information](#information)
* [Contribution](#contribution)

<hr>

## Getting Started

### Installing XLIO

XLIO is available as part of DOCA Software Stack.
Please visit [DOCA website](https://developer.nvidia.com/networking/doca) for more details.

### Building XLIO

#### Prerequisits

##### DOCA Software stack

XLIO requires NVIDIA DOCA-Host software stack or NVIDIA Bluefiled bundle to be installed on the system.
Please visit [DOCA website](https://developer.nvidia.com/networking/doca) for more details.

##### DPCP

DPCP (Direct Packet Control Plane) is mandatory to run XLIO.
Repository: [libdpcp](https://github.com/Mellanox/libdpcp.git)

```sh
$ ./autogen.sh
$ ./configure --prefix=/where/to/install
$ make -j
$ make install
```

##### Tools

Autoconf, Automake, libtool, unzip, patch, libnl-devel (netlink 3)

#### Compiling XLIO

Run the following commands from within the directory at the top of the tree:

```sh
$ ./autogen.sh
$ ./configure --prefix=/where/to/install --with-dpcp=/where/dpcp/installed --enable-utls
$ make -j
$ make install
```
--enable-utls : Enables uTLS HW offload for supported NVIDIA HW.

#### Compiling XLIO using preinstalled dpcp

```sh
$ ./autogen.sh
$ ./configure --prefix=/where/to/install --with-dpcp --enable-utls
$ make -j
$ make install
```

#### Configure
See more [Options](./docs/configuration.md)

### Usage Examples

#### Sockperf

LD_PRELOAD=libxlio.so sockperf \<params\>

Reposiroty: [Sockperf](https://github.com/Mellanox/sockperf)

#### nginx

LD_PRELOAD=libxlio.so XLIO_NGINX_WORKERS_NUM=\<N\> nginx \<nginx_params\>

N - Number of Nginx workers.

## Architecture

![](docs/arch.png)

## Supported Transports

* IPv4/6
* TCP
* UDP

## Supported CPU Architecturess

* [x86_64](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64)
* [Arm](https://www.arm.com/)

## Supported HW

* Please refer to the [User Manual](https://docs.nvidia.com/networking/software/accelerator-software/index.html#xlio) for supported device list.

## Licenses
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file

## Information
See [README](./README) file for XLIO features and parameters.

## Contribution
[Contribution](./docs/contributing.md) guidelines for this project

Commit message:

issue: 4830545 Link with libdpcp statically
- Add libdpcp as a git submodule under submodules/libdpcp
- Modify autoconf files to autogen/configure/make libdpcp automatically
- Add --enable-dpcp-dynamic configure flag for dynamic DPCP linking
  to allow for keeping the old behavior (static linking is now the
  default)
- Change default DPCP path to submodules/libdpcp/<optional-build-dir>/install
- Update README.md with new build instructions

Signed-off-by: Oren Shemesh <orshemesh@nvidia.com>

README.md, after:

# XLIO - Accelerated IO SW library

The NVIDIA® Accelerated IO (XLIO) SW library boosts the performance of TCP/IP network applications providing high bandwidth and low CPU usage.
XLIO is a user-space software library which exposes standard POSIX and XLIO Ultra socket APIs with kernel-bypass architecture, enabling a hardware-based direct copy between an application user-space memory and the network interface.

Coupling XLIO with Crypto Enabled NVIDIA ConnectX, NVIDIA BlueField data processing unit (DPU) acceleration capabilities, provides a breakthrough performance of Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption and decryption.
XLIO is capable of utilizing HW features such as LRO/TSO and Striding-RQ which increase TCP performance, without application code changes for both
POSIX socket and XLIO Ultra APIs.

Please visit our [documentation website](https://docs.nvidia.com/networking/category/xlio) for more details.

<hr>

* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
* [Architecture](#architecture)
* [Supported Transports](#supported-transports)
* [Supported CPU Architectures](#supported-cpu-architectures)
* [Supported NICs](#supported-nics)
* [Licenses](#licenses)
* [Information](#information)
* [Contribution](#contribution)

<hr>

## Getting Started

### Installing XLIO

XLIO is available as part of DOCA Software Stack.
Please visit [DOCA website](https://developer.nvidia.com/networking/doca) for more details.

### Building XLIO

#### Prerequisits

##### DOCA Software stack

XLIO requires NVIDIA DOCA-Host software stack or NVIDIA Bluefiled bundle to be installed on the system.
Please visit [DOCA website](https://developer.nvidia.com/networking/doca) for more details.

##### DPCP

DPCP (Direct Packet Control Plane) is mandatory to run XLIO.

XLIO uses DPCP. 
By default libdpcp is linked statically into libxlio, this can be changed by running the libxlio `./configure` script with the `--enable-dpcp-shared` flag.

XLIO utilises libdpcp as a git submodule, by that specifying a built-in DPCP version.
To use the built-in DPCP version, use one of the following options when cloning:
* `git clone --recurse-submodules <repo>`
* `git clone <repo> && git submodule update --init --recursive`

To link against a different DPCP version, run libxlio's `./configure` with the `--with-dpcp=/path/to/dpcp/install`
flag.

##### Tools

Autoconf, Automake, libtool, unzip, patch, libnl-devel (netlink 3)

#### Compiling XLIO

Building XLIO is done like this:

```sh
$ ./autogen.sh
$ ./configure --prefix=/where/to/install
$ make -j
$ make install
```
Useful flags for `./configure` are:

`--enable-utls` : Enables uTLS HW offload for supported NVIDIA HW.
`--enable-static --disable-shared` : Build XLIO as a static library and not as a shared object.
`--with-dpcp=/where/dpcp/is/installed` : Use libdpcp from a pre-installed location. When this flag 
    is used, the built-in libdpcp is not built
`--enable-dpcp-shared` : Link with dpcp dynamically instead of statically

#### Configure
See more [Options](./docs/configuration.md)

### Usage Examples

#### Sockperf

LD_PRELOAD=libxlio.so sockperf \<params\>

Reposiroty: [Sockperf](https://github.com/Mellanox/sockperf)

#### nginx

LD_PRELOAD=libxlio.so XLIO_NGINX_WORKERS_NUM=\<N\> nginx \<nginx_params\>

N - Number of Nginx workers.

## Architecture

![](docs/arch.png)

## Supported Transports

* IPv4/6
* TCP
* UDP

## Supported CPU Architecturess

* [x86_64](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X86-64)
* [Arm](https://www.arm.com/)

## Supported HW

* Please refer to the [User Manual](https://docs.nvidia.com/networking/software/accelerator-software/index.html#xlio) for supported device list.

## Licenses
See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file

## Information
See [README](./README) file for XLIO features and parameters.

## Contribution
[Contribution](./docs/contributing.md) guidelines for this project
